MTA-5287 Release Notes for 7.2.3: First draft (#159)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/ref_known-issues-7-2-3.adoc

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="known-issues-7-2-3_{context}"]
= Known issues

This section provides highlighted known issues in {ProductFullName} version 7.2.3.

.{ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates a process error in log after Java binary analysis in Windows

> When you analyze Java binaries in Windows, {ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates process error when moving the decompiled WAR file to the project path. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5355[(MTA-5355)]

Author: @eemcmullan Please could you review this known issue, thanks!

> When you analyze Java binaries in Windows, {ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates a process error when deleting files in the `exploded` directory after moving the decompiled files to the Java project path. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5355[(MTA-5355)]

Author: Thanks! I have added the statement that the error doesn't impact the analysis results.

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="known-issues-7-2-3_{context}"]
= Known issues

This section provides highlighted known issues in {ProductFullName} version 7.2.3.

> .{ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates a process error in log after Java binary analysis in Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.{ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates a process error in log after Java binary analysis using Microsoft Windows
```

> When you analyze Java binaries in Windows, {ProductShortName} {CLIName} generates a process error when deleting files in the `exploded` directory after moving the decompiled files to the Java project path. This error does not affect the analysis results. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5355[(MTA-5355)]

Author: Done!

> .{ProductShortName} {CLIName} analysis prolongs for multi-module binaries when dependency resolution fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.{ProductShortName} {CLIName} analysis can take a long time for multi-module binaries when dependency resolution fails
```

> When you analyze multi-module binaries in {ProductShortName} {CLIName}, the analysis takes long to complete if dependency resolution fails. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5398[(MTA-5398)]

Author: @eemcmullan Please can you review this known bug in 7.2.3?

> When you analyze multi-module binaries in {ProductShortName} {CLIName}, the analysis takes long to complete if dependency resolution fails. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5398[(MTA-5398)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you analyze multi-module binaries in {ProductShortName} {CLIName}, the analysis can take a long time to complete if dependency resolution fails. Currently, there is no workaround for this issue. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5398[(MTA-5398)]
```

:_template-generated: 2024-12-04
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="known-issues-7-2-3_{context}"]
= Known issues

This section provides highlighted known issues in {ProductFullName} version 7.2.3.

.Running analysis on large `.EAR` binary filesobtains differents results

> When analyzing binary applications, {ProductShortName} relies on Maven search index to determine whether dependencies are internal to the application or whether the application is installed as an open-source dependency. Depending on the availability of the Maven search index, it is assumed that an open-source dependency is internal to the application and includes the dependency in the analysis results. In this case, analysis returns more incidents and greater effort to address issues found in dependencies, even if the user does not expect to see those results.

Reviewer: @dymurray & @istein1 - updated to include [MTA-5588](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5588), please review

I have used the title of the ticket but if you want it changing, then please advise

Is the `Maven search index` also called the `Maven Indexer`?

Just want to use the correct term

Thankjs

> In a future release, the dependency on the availability of the Maven search index being available will be removed to ensure the results are more deterministic.link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5588[(MTA-5588)]  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a future release, the dependency on the availability of the Maven search index will be removed to ensure the results are more deterministic. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-5588[(MTA-5588)]  
```
